come on y'all ready hey we ready the bar
with my possessions i know my teeny the
big-play so I stepped up stepped up to
the challenge and it happened got one
good block downfield and the Restless
the Restless curtains it was over a lot
like a first week we're slow starting 10
but we need we need to start fast a lot
of teams we sleeping on we're not really
sleeping on it but they got a lot of
talent just like us so we need to come
out start and like me finish
but the first play it was a messed up
snap boy just happened to comb my hands
I had did what I had to do him to the
touchdown play it was a fire run got in
truck yard score to touch
I know he didn't come out for contesting
it came out slow they got on top of us
by the am howdy miss going through our
office came up except i'm gonna play
forgot to touch but we'll just we'll be
okay you know we are team was a tough
group now they ain't go lay down at all
these things happens in these last few
weeks now so we're not really you know I
feel like we're not really ever out of
anything if we didn't have great
character and great heart after those
goes to tough losses the last two weeks
we didn't week we could have laid down
those kids by rights could lay down they
came to play in the world even though he
came up short who in the world could
mention the fact that a carol team could
be out in front of Adam applet and give
it to their credit they did a great job
you know in the second half but at the
same time for us driving a bowl down the
end and then just come up a little
once again you know we continue fighting
to the very end played a very athletic
talents of carol team who jumped out on
us we just cannot put together a
complete game and all defense defense is
always they always help us out come late
in the game but we need they need to
start I'll get internal with we didn't
start out getting points on the ball and
started coming together at the end of
the game you scan everybody